I've spoken with David Fravor on this podcast. I really like him as a person.
He's a fun guy, but also he's gotten the chance to, um,
he's described as the account of having experience with, uh,
what he and others now term the tic-tac UFO. Uh,
what do you think of that particular citing,
which has captivated the imagination of many in particular,
because there's been videos released of it, of these UFO's,
but I find the videos to be way too blurry and grainy to be of
interest to me, the personally, uh, to me,
the most fascinating thing is the first person to come up from David and
others about that experience. But w what are your thoughts?
Those videos have been out for a while, actually much, I think,
in the mid two thousands, they were out.
But what you have is you have kind of like this corroboration from a
group, and also the New York times involvement in 2017.
My opinion about the tic-tacs is that, um,
first I believe the people who have had the experiences, I know some of them,
like, you know, some of the radar people and things like that,
they'd saw them and they're not, I don't believe they're making it up. Okay. Um,
I do think that this is being, this is being used, uh,
as a spin. Okay. And I'm just going to say that. And the reason I think that is,
this is because at the time it was released,
I was still in touch with many people who were among the UFO fight club.
And so they had intimate knowledge of these things.
And the first thing they said was, um,
we have satellites that can read the news on your phone when you're reading it.
So we've got better footage than this, and this is not good footage at all.
Therefore they believe that it was authentic footage that had been doctored up
now why? I don't know why. Um,
so I, so I honestly don't know if it's accurate or not. I mean,
I believe the people absolutely.
But was this something out there to fool these people, perhaps?
I don't know. Um, is it spun? Um,
the people who I know who are part of the UFO fight club believed it was real.
Okay. And said, this is badly done, but real. Okay.
I see. So there's some kind of, when you say spinning,
there's some parties involved that are trying to leverage it from the,
for funds profitably for funds and financial insurance. I think so.
Nevertheless, it hasn't,
spired a conversation and just a lot of
people in the world that, um,
there's something mysterious out there that, uh,
we're not fully informed about.
And I was certainly grateful that the New York times ran the story right before
my book came out.
We'll see. But there's the financial interest that, to me,
as a person who doesn't give a about money, actually, I don't like money,
uh, is, um, except for one it's used in the,
in the context of a company to build cool things. But like personally, I dunno,
I find the financial interesting, uh, side off-putting,
um, especially when we're talking about the exploration of some of the most like
money is a silly creation of human beings.
I agree.
And it's, it's a used to provide a temporary,
like the unfortunate thing with money is that it, um,
helps you buy things that too easily allow you to
forget the important things in life.
And also to forget the difficult aspects of life to do the difficult
intellectual work of being cognizant of your mortality,
of like fully engaging in life in a
life of reason, too, of thinking deeply about the world,
all those kinds of things. If you get like a nice car or something like that,
and just like, I dunno,
all the different things you can do with money is it can make you forget that
anyway, as a there's a long way to say that. Yes. Yes.
It's very nice that it coincided nicely with the book, but also it,
uh, I think it, I mean, like I said,
I think it inspired quite a lot of people that, you know,
maybe there's a lot of things out there that were like,
it reminded a lot of people there's things out there we don't know about.
Lex. I can agree with you on that, but can I push back on two things? Okay.
All right.
The first one is that I was happy to receive money from the book because of the
New York times article. That's absolutely false.
So I published my book with Oxford, which is an academic press,
and you don't get paid with an academic press. Okay. So money was not it for me,
what it was, was recognition that my research was being validated. So, you know,
cause then people called me and said, well, maybe it's more than interesting.
Okay. And they did. Okay. The other thing about money is just,
as you say that ma now I agree with you there I'm
upset about money too. I think there should be universal healthcare,
a universal income, all, you know, I don't think people should be in poverty,
especially because we are so wealthy as a species, frankly. Um, okay.
That said, think about this. If you are,
if you don't have money, you can't have a life of the mind either. Right.
100%. So I'm not espousing that like money's the devil.
I just think that there is money can be, um,
a drug or I will compare it to like food or something like that,
where like, you really should have enough to nourish yourself. Right.
And, uh, too much and too much can be a huge problem. Uh,
so that, that, that's where I come from with the money. And I'm just, uh, aware,
I'm fortunate enough to have the skills and the health to be able to earn a
living in whatever way. Uh,
like I wish I'm being in the United States of being able to speak English.
So the very least I could work at McDonald's and my standards are,
I told Joe, I mean, mistake,
I told Joe Rogan that I've always had a few money and people are like,
Oh, Lex was always re no, no, no, no. I was always broke. What I mean by,
uh,
I've always had F-you money as my standard or what it takes to have a few.
Is those very little, I'm just happy with, with very little, but yes,
it's true that, uh,
money for many people and including for myself,
it's just a different level for different people is freedom,
freedom to think freedom to do, to pursue your passions.
It just so happens.
I am very fortunate that many of my passions often come with a salary if
I wished right. So everything like me, I love programming.
So even just like working as a like basic level software engineer will
be a source of a lot of joy for me. And that happens in this modern,
modern world to come with a salary. So yeah, it's definitely true.
I just mean that it's, it can be, become a dangerous dress. So I'm glad,
I'm glad you are in this pursuit that you are in for the love of
knowledge and, um, but it's true. Yeah.
People should definitely buy your book. Won't be making money off of it.
Oh yeah, yeah, absolutely. My next book. Yes.
Yeah. Your son says there's some thing as there's some
groups of people that may be trying to leverage this
for financial gains.
No, probably good financial. I mean, they may have good reasons for this too.
Like, okay, let's take the study of UFO's. Okay.
Maybe many people in government that decide who Dole out the money.
Let's put it that way. They think UFO's, aren't real.
So they're not going to give these programs money.
So how do these programs make money? Um,
they're going to have to find a way to do it. So maybe that's how they do it.
Okay. So.
That's fascinating. This is a way to raise money for, for.